you want to go to Vegas without me and
it's totally cool it's talking about
well you know Phil and Stu that your
buddies miss your
party and those two love you boys and
their bachelor parties it's gross it is
gross I just wish your friends were as
mature as you they are mature actually
you just have to get to know them better
paging dr. Duisburg
this is Vegas to a night we'll never
forget
what happened last night now why am I
seeing a tooth
Oh whose baby is that check its collar
or something I looked everywhere
nobody's seen Doug I don't think I've
ever been this hungover what's on your
arm you were in the hospital last night
the only important thing now is that we
find Doug was your car officers oh yeah
I think was just you guys and one other
guy was he okay he was fine just whacked
out of his mind
is there anything you can tell us about
what may have happened last night
congratulations do you got married he is
wearing my grandmother's Holocaust ring
I didn't know they give out rings at the
Holocaust
these gentlemen volunteered to
demonstrate how a stun gun is used to
subdue a suspect
sure you're qualified to be taking care
of that baby oh my god
we're getting married in five hours yeah
that's not gonna happen
Shh Mike Tyson this is my favorite part
coming it right now
he still got it